[DEV-1478] Adds new Speaker at PagoPA LAB Webinar (#744)
pagopa/developer-portal: .changeset/shaggy-eagles-poke.md

---
"nextjs-website": patch
---

> [DEV-1478] Adds new Speaker at PagoPA LAB Webinar

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add new Speaker to the PagoPA LAB Webinar
```
